[music]
Everyone is definitely not going to be
in my seat.
[music]
There is probably [music] 10 in there.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We are heading to the airport right now
and we're going to fly to LA for the
Apple App Apple Awards ceremony.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Okay, so I've decided to shower and just
freshen up after that flight because I
always feel so disgusting after I fly. I
have to shower. So now I'm just getting
ready. It's still pretty early in the
day. It's only 1:24, but because we're
now 3 hours behind, I am feeling so
incredibly hungry. I was crushing out
before my shower because I just couldn't
decide if I wanted to shower, if I
should eat and then get all ready again
and then go out to eat or if I should
just go eat something in the meantime.
But then I don't like showering right
after a meal because [music] I feel like
it always upsets my stomach. Long story
short, I decided to shower cuz I feel
like that would make me feel the best.
And now I'm just rushing to [music] get
my makeup done so then I can go eat. I
think I'm going to go to Air1 or Raising
Canes. Obviously, very different price
points and different kinds of food, but
I'm just going to see what's in the
area. I'm going to go to West Hollywood
and yeah, let me give you a hotel tour.
This is obviously the bathroom. This is
just the vanity where I got ready. And
then this is the outfit that I pulled
that I'm going to wear today. It's kind
of giving Miumu, but the pieces are from
Sweet Chilling. And this is just what
the room looks like. Just got some shoes
laid out. My airport outfit is hanging.
Obviously took one of the robes to put
on because I love a hotel robe. [music]
Go.
>> [music]
>> I just don't work like a lot.
[bell]
This is so good. Wow,
I'm actually very surprised. Okay, and
then I have the cloud foam top. This is
the one that Angley recommended.
I'm trying to see which one I like
better, but
I'm honestly really surprised by this
one. So much caffeine to have like the
Earl is Manner and Monster Pop, but
they're both so good. Actually, I'm so
surprised. Like, you guys know I don't
usually drink a lot of coffee, but this
is so fire.
I've just left Community Goods and I'm
walking down Fairfax Avenue now. It is
so busy. But honestly, I'm really loving
this walk because the skies are crystal
clear, the sun is out, and I just feel
like I've completely escaped the winter
blues. But now I'm walking towards the
Grove because I heard that there is a
two-story Brandy Mailbell that just
opened and also an Air1. And I just
haven't eaten in over 12 hours. Air1 is
definitely not going to be my scene, but
I still want to check it out and see
what it's going to be like. [music]
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh my goodness.
over here.
[music]
Okay, we have made it out of here. That
was a successful run. I think I got the
Haley Bieber smoothie. This was 20 USD.
So,
um I ended up getting a combo plate. So,
this is the miso black cod. It's
honestly a decent size. Rock meat and
then old school at mac and cheese. There
is probably 10 noodles in there. Um, but
everything does actually smell pretty
good. So, and this entire plate was 28
USD.
So, but apple on a meal stipen. So,
thank you to the Apple team. I feel like
we need to try the smoothie first. This
is the strawberry glaze.
I hear this is just a strawberry
smoothie.
Some really nice yogurt, but that's
about it. Let's try this cod though.
That is really good.
[music]
>> [music]
>> It is literally a winter wonderland here
minus the snow, but there are so many
decorations. There are definitely more
decorations here than there are
downtown. But I'm about to head into the
Brady Melville now because I couldn't go
in with [music] my drink. So, I just
finished it while browsing. And yeah.
[music]
>> [music]
>> bead embroidery ranch. That is so
American. There's even dill pickle
ornament. That's cute.
>> [music]
>> Oh my gosh, these towels are so [music]
pretty. Look at this one. Oh my god,
this is like a better Marshalls and
Wyinners. [music]
We're at Soho House for dinner and Kush,
my manager, is a member and so we're
just headed up there now. This is a very
interesting elevator. Kind of reminds me
of the couch in the nicest way.
>> Also, wow, there's so many flyaways.
[music]
I'm
>> back at the hotel now at dinner with the
Spark team. It was so amazing.
I'm officially back from my big day out
in LA. It was so much fun. I hope you
guys had fun tagging along with me.
Yeah, I'm just going to get ready for
bed now. And I actually forgot my
favorite makeup remover at home. So, I
actually popped into a Sephora and I
just picked up this travel size Clinique
Take the Day Off Cleansing Balm. I hope
it's good. I think I saw a bunch of
people recommend it on Tik Tok in the
past or it's just like a cult favorite.
Yeah, also spent another day in these
three to 4 in Stompers from Jonac. I
actually got a lot of compliments on
them today. And yeah, let's get ready
for bed and then we're going to have
another big day tomorrow. Clearly, I am
not as type A as I thought I was because
I don't have a single pair of pajamas
packed in my luggage. So, I've just put
on another one of these bathroes. That's
the one I put on while I was getting
ready after my shower. So, this one's
all clean and fresh for sleep. Yeah, I'm
just going to take my makeup off now.
Guys, I also have these little
wristbands that stop the water from
running down your forearm when you're
washing your face. So, we're going to
see if [music] they work. And I'm also
going to use this cleansing balm. And I
also hope that it works because I'm
wearing a ton of makeup right now.
Anyone else hate taking off your makeup?
Just want to go to bed. Also, always
wash your hands before you take off your
makeup.
I have no idea if this is enough.
If you want to emulsify it,
a little bit of water.
These wristbands don't work. I can feel
the water splashing on my toes.
These don't work. Oh my god, you guys.
This is a mess. [laughter]
This is literally such a mess. And the
water is actually indeed dripping down
my Look at this.
I don't know how to wash my face clearly
cuz what the heck? Look,
that was not helpful.
This is actually not that bad. This is
Brianna approved. Time for skin care.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Okay, that is my nighttime skincare all
done. I am going to do some eye patches
in bed, though.
[laughter]
Yay. We're having a slumber party
together. [music]
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hi guys, it is day two of LA and I've
just gotten ready into like something
smart casual and I'm going to put on
these little heels to complete my look
cuz now I'm actually headed out to the
Google YouTube office to meet my friend
Angelica. We've been online friends for
so many years now. And she said I could
join her at the office for some lunch.
So yeah, let me show you guys the fit.
Okay, and this is the outfit. My top is
from Addicted. These are some Aritzia
pants. And then I just have on these
Jonak kitten heels. So yeah, let's get
going.
Oh my gosh. The office is similar to a
college dorm.
>> Yes, cafeteria. [laughter]
>> I love it. Looks so good.
The real tech experience, guys. [music]
>> I'm a little salty because this is my
section's micro kitchen, [music] but
it's also next to the lunch area. So,
everybody takes from this. It's like the
communal one.
>> And the protein.
>> No, this is like this. It's It's going
to go away soon. The protein bars I like
are gone. The hot Cheetos are gone. But
we have gushers.
And these wafer things are yummy.
>> These gummy bears are really good. The
Albanese ones.
>> These are the S tier.
[music]
>> Hi. We just ended a little tour lunch at
the Google YouTube office in LA. This it
is so reaction.
>> It's really spacious.
>> I feel like I'm I need to work in tech.
Like
>> leave leave my job.
>> Exactly.
>> New job and new career.
>> Literally, I would come work and be your
cooworker.
>> I feel like you know what they show in
movies and they're like mocking tech
workers. I feel like it's real.
>> No, it is real. Like you see everybody
working,
>> there's a coffee bar.
>> We saw the snacks,
>> snacks, there's a gaming room. People
bring their dogs. Like it's like I
promise we all work really hard and
Exactly.
>> Yeah. Period.
>> [music]
>> And now for the reason why I'm in LA, I
went to the Apple App [music] Store
Awards, which is basically where Apple
highlights and celebrates some of the
apps and their founders that really
stood out this year. There are different
categories or different winners, and it
just [music] felt like it was the Oscar
for apps in a way. We have made it to
the Apple App Awards. We're going to
just check out a bunch of different apps
and their creators and see what they
won. And yeah, there are so many people
here. I'm so excited.
>> And then we went on inside and one of
the first apps we saw was Pokémon TCG
Pocket, which is a mobile game where you
collect digital Pokémon [music] cards,
battle, and trade with friends. It
lowkey unlocked so much nostalgia for
me. And then obviously I had to check
out the productivity section where I met
the developer behind [music] Focus
Friend, Bria. I learned that it's just
her and Hank Green behind this app. And
the fact that they've only been out for
a few months [music] and won the
Cultural Impact Award was so cool. Also,
Hank Green was there. So, as a STEM
girly who grew up on Crash Course, this
was a very full circle moment for me. I
had to take a picture. And now I talk a
lot about timers and [music] gamifying
studying on my channel. So this app is
the perfect combination of both. It
locks down distracting apps on your
phone so you can't doom scroll and
motivates you to use up your entire
focus timer [music] so your little
character finishes its knitting and then
you can decorate their apartment. I also
went to go hear a little bit from Strava
which is fun because I am a proud half
marathon supporter. I cannot run but
I've been to quite a few now just to
cheer on my friends. So getting to chat
[music] with their team and hear about
how they're building community was
really cool. One thing I didn't know
before was that HBO Max now has ASL
support [music] where you can see an
interpreter on the screen while
watching. I just thought this was really
meaningful and a good reminder of how
tech can [music] keep moving but in a
more inclusive direction. And overall,
it was just a really cool experience
getting to be [music] around so many
creatives and then innovative people
doing what they love. One of my favorite
pastimes is hearing what people are
passionate about and their passion
projects. So yeah, thank you to Apple.
>> Hello
vlogs.
Be healthy, be happy, drink water. Wow,
such a big sis. Oh my gosh, so nice.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you so much for Aisha and I are
leaving the event now.
>> It [music] was so fun. We had so much
fun.
>> And it is literally so dark out now. We
were in there for 3 hours.
>> 3 hours.
>> Yeah.
[music]
Oh, that's great.
>> Yeah.
>> [music]
>> You're right.
[music]